I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby!
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy!
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature?
He created a pig burger out of beef?
She folded her handkerchief neatly?
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground!
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological!
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles!
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun!
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion!
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof?
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news?
Just go ahead and press that button?
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes?
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk?
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year?
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Pink horses galloped across the sea!
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted!
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean!
